Hi, well, this course covers crowdfunding,
which is a very new arrival
to America's capital markets.
Crowdfunding started in
earnest in spring of 2016,
which is just three years ago,
from where I'm speaking.
And three years would be a short track
record for anything, any sort of
financial market or security, but for
start-ups it's a very short track record.
I mean, think of anybody you know,
someone you knew in school,
someone in your neighborhood
who quit the day job,
started a new company, and
started working towards success.
How long did it take for
that person to achieve, for
their project to achieve some level of
promise that would show the value of
what they were investing in,
then probably not three years, right?
Four, five, it could be ten years, right?
So, for crowdfunding, crowdfunding,
as I say, we've just started crowdfunding.
Three years ago is when the first
companies got their money this way.
And so, this is a market that's so
new that this course isn't going to be
thinking so much about, well,
what has crowdfunding done for us, right?
It's too early to say what
crowdfunding has done for us, but
we can do is look at what crowdfunding
is and see how it might fit
in to the whole sort of ecosystem
of financing innovation.
Okay, so the focus of this module is
not so much on the realized experience
of crowdfunding, it's about
the promises and also we'll think
a lot about the conceptual challenges
of crowdfunding, all right?
So it's not only very possible
if you're an investor
in crowdfunding to lose
everything you invested and
to just generally have
a negative experience, right,?
That's certainly possible.
It's also possible, as far as we know,
that looking back on these early years,
the general experience of investors
might be negative, right?
We just don't know yet.
And over time, given sort of the feedback
loop of companies going to this market,
investors trying it out, having
an experience and so on, over the years,
which could be a lot of years
given the life cycle of a company,
crowdfunding is going to find
its place in the economy.
Okay, so, coming out of this course
you will have a framework for
thinking of the challenges
that crowdfunding faces and
how you can potentially
overcome them either as
an entrepreneur or an investor, okay?
So we're going to have five sections
of this module after this introduction.
First, I'm going to briefly
review how companies
have traditionally connected
with retail investors, okay?
The whole process of tapping the retail
markets has evolved over the years
to a very kind of set procedure at this
point, and I want to think about what
that is and maybe we can think about
why it has evolved to what it is, okay?
So that will be the first module.
The second one will look
at the act of congress
signed into law by
President Obama in 2012,
the JOBS Act,
that gave us crowdfunding and
also gave us similar
related vehicles also for
companies to tap the markets
in some new ways.
So we'll talk about that,
that'll be the second module focused
on the JOBS Act of 2012, okay?
And then the third module
will be thinking about
the costs of funding in this market,
right?
Thinking specifically about the cost
to you as an investor of going
to crowdfunding, picking companies
to invest in thinking through,
just given the limits on how much
you can invest and other things,
how realistic is it that you could hope
for a positive expected return and
kind of what are the issues
involved there.
Okay, and then we'll think about,
the next module is
going to really focus on the crowd
piece of this by which I mean,
what can you gain from
the sort of wisdom of crowds?
How much should you expect
that to work for you?
If I'm investing in crowdfunding, well,
there's other people investing too.
We generally think of markets as sort
of aggregating the wisdom of crowds.
Well, is that something
that's going to be there for
us as an investor in this market,
I mean, what are the issues there, okay?
And then finally,
once we've gone through those,
all those modules,
I think you'll see the importance
of non-financial motives for crowdfunding.
The probably large role
in the typical investors'
mind of motives other
than just the expected
return of the investment
when we are investing in
a crowdfunding startup that
we see on the web page.
So those are going to be
the modules that we go through.
And so we'll start by just thinking about
how have we been going to the capital
markets over the years.